Readme.md, before:

# Bookaton

## Quick Start

You don't need to, but i highly recommend installing [github cli](https://cli.github.com/).
First, create new github repository from [template](https://github.com/dimchee/Bookaton):
```sh
gh repo create --public --clone --template https://github.com/dimchee/Bookaton <repo_name>
```
- Now you should have almost empty directory.
- First, we need to modify permissions on created repository: 
  - Navigate to it's page  in browser,
  - navigate to `Settings` pane, then under `Actions` tab go to `General`.
  - Under `Workflow permissions` select `Read and write permissions`.
  - Check `Allow GitHub Actions to create and approve pull requests` box.
  - Save changes.
- If you don't want to be spamed by notifications, Click on `Unwatch` button and
select `Ignore`
- You are ready to add Your `.pdf` File to the root of repository, and name
it `Book.pdf`, for example like this:
```sh
mv <book_name>.pdf <repo_name>/Book.pdf
cd <repo_name>
```
Now commit changes, push, and wait for action to do it's magic
```sh
git add Book.pdf
git commit -m "Add Book.pdf"
git push
```
This will take a while, you can track progress on github actions page of repo.
Now you should have everything prepared.
Commenting LaTeX Code directly to any Issue labeled with LaTeX will
add your work to Repo, and automaticaly release final `.pdf`.

## Usage (contributor)
- You can work in any LaTeX editor you like, but it is recomended to use [overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com).
- Pick an Issue from freshly created repository issues page
- Copy this [Template](https://www.overleaf.com/read/yzxzjbfjcxjx), and write some LaTeX
- Paste your LaTeX to Issue you were working on, and everything else should happen automagicaly!
- Warning: LaTeX submission comments are detected by `\documentclass{` begining
- Warning: Don't add any definitions in Issues, we are extracting what is between 
`\begin{document}` and `\end{document}`.
- If you don't want to be spamed by notifications, navigate to repository page and click on `Unwatch` button and select `Ignore`


Shield: [![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-sa].

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-image]][cc-by-sa]

[cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg

Commit message:

Remove splitBook Action, Use BookatonSplitter

Readme.md, after:

# Bookaton

## Quick Start

You don't need to, but i highly recommend installing [github cli](https://cli.github.com/).
First, create new github repository from [template](https://github.com/dimchee/Bookaton):
```sh
$ gh repo create --public --clone --template https://github.com/dimchee/Bookaton <repo_name>
```
- Now you should have almost empty directory.
- First, we need to modify permissions on created repository: 
  - Navigate to it's page  in browser,
  - Navigate to `Settings` pane, then under `Actions` tab go to `General`.
  - Under `Workflow permissions` select `Read and write permissions`.
  - Check `Allow GitHub Actions to create and approve pull requests` box.
  - Save changes.
- If you don't want to be spamed by notifications, Click on `Unwatch` button and
select `Ignore`
<!-- - You are ready to add Your `.pdf` File to the root of repository, and name -->
<!-- it `Book.pdf`, for example like this: -->
<!-- ```sh -->
<!-- mv <book_name>.pdf <repo_name>/Book.pdf -->
<!-- cd <repo_name> -->
- You are now ready to add your Book. Scaned book should be prepared as *one* directory of `JPEG` images
- To be able to split Book, install [Bookaton Splitter](https://github.com/dimchee/BookatonSplitter),
    and then follow `Quick Start` instructions.
- Now you should have `Parts` directory with book splitted to several `pdf` files.
- Add `Parts` directory to your repository
```sh
$ mv Parts <repo_name>
$ cd <repo_name>
```
- Now commit changes, and push
```sh
git add Parts/
git commit -m "Add Parts"
git push
```
- Now we should be able to create issues for splitted book
    - Navigate to repository's page in browser
    - Navigate to `Actions` pane, then on left select `Create Issues from Parts` tab
    - On right should be button `Run workflow`, click on it
    - This will take a while, you can track progress in `Actions` tab, or in `Issues` pane directly
- Now you should have everything prepared.
- Commenting LaTeX Code directly to any Issue labeled with LaTeX will 
    add your work to Repo, and automaticaly release final `.pdf`.

## Usage (contributor)
- You can work in any LaTeX editor you like, but it is recomended to use [overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com).
- Pick an Issue from freshly created repository issues page
- Copy this [Template](https://www.overleaf.com/read/yzxzjbfjcxjx), and write some LaTeX
- Paste your LaTeX to Issue you were working on, and everything else should happen automagicaly!
- Warning: LaTeX submission comments are detected by `\documentclass{` begining
- Warning: Don't add any definitions in Issues, we are extracting what is between 
`\begin{document}` and `\end{document}`.
- If you don't want to be spamed by notifications, navigate to repository page and click on `Unwatch` button and select `Ignore`


Shield: [![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-sa].

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-image]][cc-by-sa]

[cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg
